FGA update (#3513)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/enterprise_influxdb/v1.9/guides/fine-grained-authorization.md

You may need to work with your network administrator to gain access to the meta node HTTP ports.
    {{% /note %}}

4. [Create roles](#manage-roles). Roles let you grant permissions to groups of users assigned to each role.
   As administrator, create a user with a standard grant, as shown in the example below, and then restrict by role or via grants. 

>    You **must** set up coarse read/write permissions **FIRST**, then restrict to a fine grain.

Reviewer: - Let's add steps to indicate required order:

4.
   ..a.   
   ..b.

- Let's use replace "set up coarse" to "grant all" (more explicit)

Reviewer: Re:
create a user with a standard grant, as shown in the example below, and then restrict by role or via grants.

The example below grants users `east` and `west` all permissions (insert reference link to all permissions) on the `datacenters` database. 

And then, let's add a fine grain permission to one of the users for clarity (in example and text).

> 4. [Create roles](#manage-roles). Roles let you grant permissions to groups of users assigned to each role.
>    As administrator, create a user with a standard grant, as shown in the example below, and then restrict by role or via grants. 
>    You **must** set up coarse read/write permissions **FIRST**, then restrict to a fine grain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. [Create roles](#manage-roles) to grant permissions to users assigned to a role. Do the following:
   a.  As administrator, grant users all permissions. The example below grants users `east` and `west` all permissions on the `datacenters` database.  
   b. Add a fine grain permission to users as needed.
```

Reviewer: - Does this example create a role...or show how to create a user and grant all permissions (before the role is created)? Let's clarify accordingly.
- Let's add an example of how to specify a fine grain permission (to either user) here, clarifying in text and example.
